My name is Yoshikage Kira. I'm 33 years old. My house is in the northeast section of Morioh,
where all the villas are, and I am not married. I work as an employee for the Kame Yu department stores,
and I get home every day by 8 PM at the latest. I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink. I'm in bed by 11 PM,
and make sure I get eight hours of sleep, no matter what. After having a glass of warm milk and doing about
twenty minutes of stretches before going to bed, I usually have no problems sleeping until morning.
Just like a baby, I wake up without any fatigue or stress in the morning. I was told there were no issues at my last check-up.
I'm trying to explain that I'm a person who wishes to live a very quiet life. I take care not to trouble myself with any enemies,
like winning and losing, that would cause me to lose sleep at night. That is how I deal with society, and I know that is what brings me happiness.
Although, if I were to fight I wouldn't lose to anyone.

Polnareff, have you ever considered why humans wish to live? 
Humans live hoping to conquer their anxieties and fear, and attain peace of mind. 
Seeking fame, controlling others, and acquiring wealth are all done to achieve peace of mind. 
Marriage and friendship are also pursued as means of attaining peace of mind. 
When humans say they wish to help others, or that a thing is done for love or justice...it's all merely to give themselves peace of mind. 
To achieve peace of mind is the goal of all mankind. Now, given that, what anxiety could you possibly feel towards serving me? 
Any other peace of mind would come easily if you do. Doesn't challenging me, even knowing that it may spell your death, bring you anxiety? 
You are a very capable Stand user. It's a waste to kill you. Why not cut ties with Joestar and the others, and serve me for eternity? 
I can promise you peace of mind for eternity.

Look, no one ever said Jotaro Kujo was a nice guy. I beat the crap outta people, more than I have to. 
Some are even still in the hospital. I've had idiot teachers who like to talk big, so I taught them a lesson, and they never came back to class.
If I go to a restaurant and the food is bad, I make it a policy to stiff 'em with the bill. 
But, even a bastard like me... can spot true evil when he sees it!
True evil, are those who use the weak for their own gain, then crush them underfoot when they're through! Especially an innocent woman!
And that is exactly what you've done, isn't it? And your Stand gets to hide from the victim, the law, and the consequences.
That's why... I will judge you myself!

Are you trying to be a hero? Or act as that girl's father? 
Give up...a paper-thin 'will' such as yours is meaningless. You are a hindrance to the future happiness of this country. 
Just now, a goddess was being born...this world's 'peace' and 'happiness'...
will not be abated by the likes of conceited fools holding each other's hands as 'equals'.

Two years ago, when I was inaugurated as the president of this country...
there was a celebratory dinner held in the town I was born in.
There, at that time, those present were treated to the meat of a freshly slaughtered lamb, an old custom passed down from a distant ancestor.
The reality of this human world is that when we draw the curtain on a new age, there will be necessary trials for us to face.
And in these trials...there are sure to be battles, and spilled blood. The more formidable the foe,
the better the trial... These trials are 'offerings'...and the greater they are, the better.
The Boomboom Family, Mountain Tim, Sandman, my wife, Wekapipo, Dio...that is what you all are.

He's really doing it... 'once he has caught the enemy, he'll never cancel his stand power, not even if he loses one or two limbs...' 
Just like he told me! Fra'... he barely managed to catch onto the train... But with those wounds, he's beyond help! 
It's only a matter of time before his life ends. But even so, he refuses to cancel his Grateful Dead... 
Because we need to get the daughter at all costs. Fra'... 
We can't back out now, isn't that right?! I get it now, Fratellone Prosciutto! 
I understand your resolve, not through words, but through your spirit! From the moment we think of the word 'kill' - the deed is already done.

How I literally was able to start walking again.... and thinking back, I was constantly praying [through] the whole journey.
Even this transcontinental race was a journey of prayer.
Praying for the weather tomorrow. Praying for when we wake up the next day there would be a road on the land.
Praying that we would have food and a place to sleep. Praying that our campfire would light.
And while these common things would repeat, -----Praying that my friend and the horses would be okay.
And we crossed each river one by one. Now I have crossed the final river....

JoJo! This is the second mantra of battle. You know fleas, yes? Those tiny insects?
Even though we humans are giants to them, they still attack us. Would you say that is courageous?
No, the flea does not possess courage. Then what is courage? Courage is to know fear!
To master it and make it your own! Fear throws off your breathing!
But when you conquer fear, the cadence of your breathing will remain even and won't be disturbed!
The Ripple Technique's breathing is the product of courage! The glory of humanity is the glory of courage!
No matter how strong those zombies may be, they do not know courage!
They are no different from a flea! Sendo Wave Kick!

Every year in Japan, over 10,000 people are reported missing or dead in mysterious circumstances.
In the majority of these cases, human's feelings are the cause.
Suffering, regrets, humiliation : their accumulation in a same place can often materialize into fatal curses

If a Nation is a Gang, a Gang should be able to become a Nation.
I want to establish a Nation of a certain class. Hey, let's build a country of our own. Ken.

I don't force anyone to follow me. I fight for what I believe in, and to protect those who need my help!
I force nobody to fight beside me. Everyone's free to their own opinions!
And I fight beside only those who share mine! But I help all those who ask me, and I ask for nothing in return!

I have no ennemies.
